# UC005. Set client configuration

The use case starts when the product administrator commands to open "Client configuration" page in administration console. The console reads the current client configuration from its BFF, opens the page and fills corresponding fields with read data. Administrator changes field values and commands to save changes in persistent storage. The console send a request to set client configuration with the new values. Administration console BFF request Configuration service to store them in persistent storage. Configuration service validates incoming data and stores new client configuration in its persistent storage.

## Use case level

System use case.

## Trigger

Administrator opens "Client configuration" page.

## Post-conditions

1. Client configuration with the new values stored in Client configuration's Redis database within string with key `configs:client`.

## Non-functional requirements

1. Timeout for requests to BFF is 30 seconds.
2. Timeout for requests to Configuration service is 5 seconds.

## Normal scenario

1. Administration console sends HTTP GET request to `/api/admin/v1/client-configuration/`.
2. Administration BFF sends HTTP GET request to Configuration service to `/api/configs/v1/client-configuration`.
3. Configuration service gets from Redis database string with key `configs:client`.
4. Configuration service responds with this string as a client configuration to Administration BFF.
5. Administration BFF responds with this string as a client configuration to Administration console.
6. Administrator changes some values in the client configuration.
7. Administrator commands to store these changes.
8. Administration console sends HTTP POST request to Administration BFF to `/api/admin/v1/client-configuration`.
9. Administration BFF receives the request and sends HTTP POST request to Configuration service to `/api/configs/v1/client-configuration`.
10. Configuration service receives the request and validates incoming data.
11. Data is valid.
12. Configuration service sets Redis database string with key `configs:client` to received data.
13. Configuration service responds with HTTP code 200.
14. Administration BFF responds with HTTP code 200.
15. Administration console displays information message that changes to client configuration stored.

## Alternative scenarios

### A1.1., A8.1. Administration BFF doesn't responds during predefined timeout.

1. Administration console displays a general network error message.
2. The use case ends.

### A2.1., A9.1. Configuration service  doesn't responds during predefined timeout.

1. Administration BFF logs error.
2. Administration BFF responds with HTTP code 500.
3. Administration console receives the respond from Administration BFF and displays general error message.
4. The use case ends.

### A3.1. Configuration service can't find the string with key `configs:client` in its Redis database.

1. Configuration service constructs default client configuration.
2. Configuration service stores default client configuration in its database within string with key `conigs:client`.
3. Configuration service logs an information message about creating default client configuration.
4. The use case prolongs from the step 4.

### A3.2., A12.1. Configuration service's database isn't reachable.

1. Configuration service logs the error.
2. Configuration service responds with HTTP code 500.
3. Administration BFF receives respond, logs the error and responds to the Administration console with HTTP code 500.
4. Administration console displays general error message.
5. The use case ends.

### A7.1. Administrator decides to not change client configuration.

1. The use case ends.

### A11.1. Data is invalid.

1. Configuration service responds to Administration BFF with HTTP code 400 and body content set to array of error messages.
2. Administration BFF receives respond and responds to Administration console with HTTP code 400 and copy of errors messages.
3. Administration console receives respond and displays errors to administrator.
4. The use case ends.